Review Environment

Submission ID: f225f2bc-514b-4c4c-9577-331c82501d45
Review date: January 25, 2026
Review Device: iPad 
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

We noticed that your app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than in-app purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The subscription  can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by your app must be available for purchase in the app using in-app purchase. 

 If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in your app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement in-app purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating in-app purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer paid digital content and services.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We are not able to continue our review because we need access to a demo account with an expired subscription to review the entire purchase flow.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, provide a user name and password for a demo account with expired subscriptions in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.