Messages (1)

Apple2026-01-05 9:55 AM
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: d365e467-11d3-4dca-842c-c39f02905df9
Review date: January 05, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We were unable to sign in with the following demo account credentials you provided in App Store Connect:

User name: demo@igetitdone.co
Password: AppleReview2024!

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.

Resources

Learn how to share information when submitting an app for review.



Additionally, we found the following issue:

Guideline 2.1 - Performance
Issue Description

The app crashed during review. Apps that crash negatively impact users. 

Steps leading to crash:

Specifically, your app crashed when we tapped on "Plus Sign" button.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.2

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify crashes and stability issues before resubmitting for review. Crash logs have been attached to help resolve this issue:

1. Fully symbolicate the crash report. See Adding Identifiable Symbol Names to a Crash Report.
2. Match the crash report to a common pattern. Based on the pattern, take specific actions to further investigate the crash. See Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes.
3. Once the root causes of the crash have been identified, make the appropriate changes to the binary to resolve the issue.
4. Test the app on a device to ensure that it runs as expected.