Thinking of a food, uh, food app that basically wrong stuff, rice stuff, wrong stuff, rice stuff, good time, bad time. Um, Too little, too much. So the idea is that those are the principles of the food that we take in. Um, maybe even the exercise. We can work that out too. But if we're thinking through, how do we, if we're eating the right food, at the right times, in the right amount, um, we will be able to, to, to, to maintain or, or lose, uh, weight. If we're doing the wrong times, at the wrong, wrong amounts. And too much. then we could, um, we were doing that. So I would like a very simple app, very similar to I get it done. Very similar, same type of button structure, same type of look, same type of feel, different colors. But you're making those options. And maybe where we use the AI is where it can, it will tell you and there's a point system. It's based on calories, it's based on, you know, um, time, maybe a little bit of the intermittent fasting stuff is on the back end for time. You know, we know we want to stop a certain time to eat. But there's a point system that's set up. for each one of those, and you get gamification, but making it very simple. You're not having to do all this stuff. What you want, are you shooting for is a certain amount of points? Maybe you think of the Weight Watchers principle back in the day, whereas all these points. And if you do these things, you get these particular points. So what we got to do is we got to find like a food list. We gotta find, uh, you know, um, you know, for exercise and then maybe, uh, Uh, maybe let's see about sleep as well. So we add that in there, and then maybe we add in, uh, so as food, as sleep, then exercise, and let's see if exercise, and we can get that to fit in, although. So we can do all 3 of those. Um, then that would be that would be cool. We want to have a starting weight, um, an in weight, and then somehow a calculation that will determine all those kinds of things, they'll be able to say, just calculate from all the workers done in the back game. So people they're just taking pictures, they're registering what they're doing, and a lot of it's talk. And they can just say it and it's just going it's going in and it's basically making those things happen. So, let's think through that. Um, yeah. I want to think of that.